feat(date)!: separate timeZone method (#2947)
faker-js/faker: docs/guide/upgrading.md

This affects the `refDate` parameter of the `anytime()`, `birthdate()`, `past()`, `future()`, `recent()` and `soon()`, methods as well as the `from` and `to` parameters of `between()` and `betweens()`.

### Separate Timezone Methods

> We split the `timeZone` method into two.
> 
> - `faker.date.timeZone()` for a random global time zone.
> - `faker.location.timeZone()` for a random locale specific time zone.

Reviewer: The current decription feels a little off. Maybe like this?

```suggestion
The `timeZone` functionality has been divided to enhance specificity:

- Use `faker.date.timeZone()` to generate a random global time zone.
- Use `faker.location.timeZone()` to obtain time zone specific to the current locale.
```
